feat: adds options to bypass SSL validation (#837)
apollographql/apollo-cli: docs/source/configuring.md

Currently, only Git is fully supported by Apollo Studio.

> ## Bypass TLS/SSL Validation

Reviewer: "Bypassing TLS/SSL validation" (lowercase validation)

> In some configurations (often on internal networks) users may need Rover to communicate over encrypted channels (e.g., HTTPS) but avoid the more stringent digital certificate verifications which validate hostnames or may even wish to bypass the digital certificate validation entirely.  This is generally not recommended and considered to be much less secure but for cases where it's necessary, there are two flags you can use to configure how Rover validates HTTPS requests:

Reviewer: Replace all instances of "may" with "might" where equivalent

Comma after "networks)"

"users may need" -> "you might need"

"which validate hostnames" -> "that validate hostnames." (end sentence)

"or may even wish" -> "You might even need"

> - The `--insecure-accept-invalid-hostnames` flag will disable hostname validation. If hostname verification is not used, any valid certificate for any site will be trusted for use from any other. This introduces a significant vulnerability to man-in-the-middle attacks.

Reviewer: "will disable" -> "disables"

"man-in-the-middle" -> "person-in-the-middle" ?

Reviewer: "any valid certificate for any site will be trusted for use from any other" <- Not 100% sure what this means?

Author: > "any valid certificate for any site will be trusted for use from any other"

if i understand correctly (this is yanked pretty much directly from the underlying library's docs) it'll just skip the step where it compares a specified hostname (like api.apollographql.com) to your local certs, meaning a cert for maliciouscert.com could be used in its place (but sometimes skipping this check is desirable on internal networks)

Author: https://docs.rs/reqwest/0.11.4/reqwest/struct.ClientBuilder.html#method.danger_accept_invalid_hostnames

> - The `--insecure-accept-invalid-certs` flag will disable certificate validation. If invalid certificates are trusted, any certificate for any site will be trusted for use. This includes expired certificates. This introduces significant vulnerabilities, and should only be used as a last resort.

Reviewer: "will disable" -> "disables"

"will be trusted" -> "is trusted"

Currently, only Git is fully supported by Apollo Studio.

> ## Bypass SSL/TLS Validation

Reviewer 2: nit: I think it's still worth saying both TLS & SSL but I'd say put TLS first.   (TLS is really what it is meant to be called these days, and it supersedes the _long_ deprecated SSL.)

```suggestion
## Bypass TLS/SSL Validation
```

> Sometimes, you may want to perform HTTPS requests from Rover, but skip validation checks. This is generally not recommended and insecure, but there are two flags you can use to configure how Rover validates HTTPS requests.
> 
> The `--insecure-accept-invalid-hostnames` flag will disable hostname validation. If hostname verification is not used, any valid certificate for any site will be trusted for use from any other. This introduces a significant vulnerability to man-in-the-middle attacks.
> 
> The `--insecure-accept-invalid-certs` flag will disable certificate validation. If invalid certificates are trusted, any certificate for any site will be trusted for use. This includes expired certificates. This introduces significant vulnerabilities, and should only be used as a last resort.
> 

Reviewer 2: I think we could be careful here to not inadvertently allow users to conflate our product offerings (which do validation checks) with this skipping of validation checks.

Fwiw, I think we could _lighten_ the wording around the significant vulnerabilities on account of these actually still being _quite_ secure in a number of cases, though I haven't actually made those changes and I think it's fine to leave them as they are.  There are certainly options to avoid this, and I'd encourage folks to at least consider / figure those things out and make their own determinations, for sure.

```suggestion
In some configurations (often on internal networks) users may need Rover to communicate over encrypted channels (e.g., HTTPS) but avoid the more stringent digital certificate verifications which validate hostnames or may even wish to bypass the digital certificate validation entirely.  This is generally not recommended and considered to be much less secure but for cases where it's necessary, there are two flags you can use to configure how Rover validates HTTPS requests:

- The `--insecure-accept-invalid-hostnames` flag will disable hostname validation. If hostname verification is not used, any valid certificate for any site will be trusted for use from any other. This introduces a significant vulnerability to man-in-the-middle attacks.

- The `--insecure-accept-invalid-certs` flag will disable certificate validation. If invalid certificates are trusted, any certificate for any site will be trusted for use. This includes expired certificates. This introduces significant vulnerabilities, and should only be used as a last resort.
```
